README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">👗👜 7ABiBi Fashion Store 🛒👟</h1>
<h3 align="center">Modern E-commerce Website | HTML, CSS, JavaScript</h3>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/3o7aD2saalBwwftBIY/giphy.gif" width="300" alt="Fashion GIF"/>
</p>

---

## 📖 About the Project
**7ABiBi** is a modern e-commerce website designed to showcase fashion products for **men, women, and accessories**.  
It includes interactive shopping cart features, multiple product categories, and a clean responsive layout.  

This project was created as part of my personal web development learning journey.

---

## ✨ Features
- 🧥 Dedicated sections for **Men** and **Women** collections  
- 🎒 **Accessories** pages with product listings  
- 🛒 **Shopping cart** to add/remove products  
- 📱 **Responsive design** for desktop and mobile  
- 🎨 Styled with **CSS3** and made interactive with **JavaScript**  
- ⚡ Organized and scalable folder structure  

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Font%20Awesome-339AF0?style=for-the-badge&logo=fontawesome&logoColor=white"/>
</p>

---

## 📂 Project Structure

Commit message:

Revise README structure and content

README.md, after:

# 7ABiBi - E-Commerce Frontend Website

## 📖 Description
**7ABiBi** is a static **frontend e-commerce website** built using **HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, and JavaScript**.  
This mini project simulates the structure of an online fashion store with product listings, categories, and a responsive design.

## 📂 Project Content
- **index.html** → Homepage with navigation bar, search, shopping cart, user dropdown, and carousel  
- **Accessories.html** → Accessories product listing page  
- **Accessories(men).html** → Accessories specifically for men  
- **Accessories(women).html** → Accessories specifically for women  
- **style.css** → Custom styles (layout, navbar, shop content, footer)  
- **script.js** → JavaScript file (interactivity placeholders for cart, wishlist, etc.)  
- **img/** → Folder with logos, products, and banners  

## 🎯 Features
- Responsive **navigation bar** with dropdown menus and search bar  
- **Carousel** with promotional banners  
- **Product listings** with images, titles, and prices  
- Shopping cart and wishlist icons (placeholders)  
- **Footer section** with About, Categories, Quick Links, and Social Media icons  

## 🛠️ Technologies Used
- HTML5  
- CSS3  
- Bootstrap 5  
- Font Awesome & Boxicons  
- JavaScript (basic interactivity placeholder)  

## ✅ Conclusion
This project is a **practice exercise for building an e-commerce front-end**.  
It includes navigation, product display, responsive design, and a structured layout — forming the foundation for future enhancements such as dynamic cart and checkout systems.
